first home I'm going to do is in tight
scattered thoughts posttraumatic with
thoughts that will haunt you wait after
this poem asses like some type of info
seem afloat breathtaking so amazing and
remarkable power like David in this land
of a gigantic phone the size really mad
because I would really rather have a
brain to obtain the thoughts of faith
the size of our hostess did have a brain
with 10 degrees and kidding to concede
that is very simple you killed the head
and into the body first off one must
swallow something that hurts way worse
than anybody society stuff with two hot
hollow tips on this sense pride is the
hidden is key weapon used to share in
damage or existence for instance the
recent behind most murders in most
fights those heavy burdens and suicide a
demon so I was poking data canine no
matter the situation so scandal with no
patience so bad from all the banging
afraid to admit so here a choice chosen
by one who decided to choose death all
right now instead of taking them to
release the stress to the all powerful
sorcerer
sit back and relaxes I can't pack you
with facts facts also really my see one
in real but he is far from the things
the most magnificent significant fan of
reality a sokka divine energy not only
to think but to defeat all enemies the
creator of our life in the maker of our
destinies sourcing search on
instructions on so far